Did you sleep peacefully?
Sorry.
I don't know how I fell asleep
Have you eaten yet?
Lan Lan
Let's not go to the coffee shop to work in the future, okay?
Why is Sining such a person?
He will bring you down
I'll change your job.
I loved it.
I want to go back to work.
I said don't go
Don't associate with this love again
What else do you want to say?
Let's get a divorce.
You're having a tantrum with me.
No temper tantrum
I wanted to give it to you a long time ago
Because of Sining
So you want to divorce me, right? It has nothing to do with him.
I want to divorce you myself
Divorce is OK.
You leave home
Then spend all those years on you
Give it all back
When will you be back
i
When did I let you go?
What do you mean?